[elevator bell dings]
[precinct chatter]
Oh, hey, Jake.
What's--what's the deal
with the office today?
It--it feels crazy.
Somebody stole
20 bricks of coke
and some machine guns
from evidence.
What?! It's the first
I'm hearing of it.
Yeah, well,
you just got here, right?
Right. I need you to find
whoever did this
and kill them.
Till they're dead!
Bonkers morning, huh?
So, any idea who did it?
[Holt]
No, but whoever it was
had an intimate knowledge
of our security systems.
It was obviously
an inside job.
-I bet it was Brian.
-Why do you say that?
Because... he once said
he has a hot tub.
You know how that crowd is.
I didn't know
Brian had a hot tub.
-That does sound bad.
-Yeah.
But we have to let the
investigation run its course.
Right now,
everyone's a suspect.
Except for
Hitchcock and Scully.
Whoever did it took the stairs.
What'll happen to the person,
you know, if you find them?
[Holt]
Well, they've committed
several felonies.
Probably looking at, uh,
30-to-life.
So that person
could miss 15 Olympics.
Cool.
I have to go.
They know
the drugs are missing.
They don't suspect me because
I'm playing it super cool.
Now, when is the handoff?
Yes, I'm alone
in the ladies' room.
No one can hear me.
OK, so I know something,
but you can't ask
how I know it.
-Debbie? Took the coke
and the guns.
- It's Debbie.
-[all] Yeah, it's Debbie.
-Acting super suspicious.
[theme song playing]
Debbie, can I see you
in my office?
Yeah, sure.
What's this about?
-We'll talk in my office.
-It'll just take a minute.
Oh. Heh. Wow.
This morning's
full of surprises, huh?
First, that stolen cocaine
that Hot Tub Brian took,
now this unrelated thing
involving me. Huh--
You know what? I think
I'm gonna go make a sandwich
I just--I love sandwiches.
I'll meet you in there.
Guilty of loving sandwiches,
right? Ha ha ha!
-Debbie?-
-[Debbie] Hmm.
What do I want
in my sandwich?
Let's see.
Definitely ham, cheese,
baking soda for sure,
French vanilla creamer,
ooh, orange chicken.
[laughs] Aaah!
-Debbie! Ooh!
-[grunts]
-You really thought
you'd get away with it?
-Damn, Scully!
I was planning on eating
that orange chicken later!
[Terry]
Is that why you took her down?
Do you even know about
the missing cocaine?
Cocaine?
So we don't know where Debbie
has hidden the drugs.
We searched her car,
her apartment--
we even tried
the location data on her phone,
but she was smart,
she had it turned off.
Or her battery died.
According to
her Screen Time app,
she plays five hours a day
of a game
called "Cool Girl in School."
I love "CGIS."
I just made captain
of the color guard.
Junior year's looking up.
[Terry]
The coke Debbie took
was evidence
against Silvio Nucci.
Now, he wanted it gone,
and I think he got Debbie
to do his dirty work.
I'm sorry,
you think Debbie is working
with notorious crime boss
Silvio Nucci?
The same Debbie who has
a denim jacket
-that says "Rock 'n Roll"?
-It was her. I heard her
-setting up a drop.
-And why were you
in the women's room?
It wasn't for a gross reason.
The men's room was occupied,
and I had to dump out.
Well, as long as
it wasn't for a gross reason.
We know you did it, Debbie.
Just tell me the truth.
Let me be your friend here.
Thank you, but I already have
plenty of friends.
Gil, Finn, Goldie, Bubbles--
Those are clearly just
the names of your pet fish.
OK, fine.
They're my fish.
And I took the drugs.
I'm sorry.
I screwed everything up.
OK, this is good.
Now just tell me
why you did it.
Because I need my drugs.
I'm a big time drug girl.
Debbie,
I don't think that's true.
I think Silvio Nucci
forced you to do this
-against your will.
-Nucci?
[laughing]
What?!
[laughs]
She sat there and laughed
for 40 minutes.
She's never gonna turn
on Nucci. I'll bet
she's heard stories
of what he does to people
who testify against him.
Man, I wish there
was something we could do
-to help her.
-Why?
Well, I know
she committed a crime,
but she's clearly
in over her head.
I don't think she's actually
a bad person.
She's a grown-up
who made her own decisions,
and now she has to suffer
the consequences.
You might not get it,
but personally,
I relate to someone
who made a mistake
and can't find their way
out of it.
When I was younger,
I was thoroughly hoodwinked
by the so-called good people
at Columbia CD Club.
Next thing you know,
I had 16 copies
of Blind Melon's first album.
In high school,
I broke into a bunch of houses
-and wound up in juvie.
-What? That's terrible.
I mean, yeah,
Rosa's is a little worse.
I was in ballet school,
and there was so much pressure
to be perfect all the time
that I just snapped.
If I hadn't been underage,
I would've gone to prison.
It's all the more reason
you should
have sympathy for Debbie
and understand
-why she could use our help.
-Nobody helped me.
My parents kicked me
out of the house
-and told me I was on my own.
-I'm so sorry
you had to go through
all that alone, Rosa.
No, it was a good thing.
I had to face my mistakes
and fix them by myself.
It made me a stronger person.
So, no, I don't think
-we should take pity on Debbie.
-OK, fine.
But even so,
wouldn't you rather take down
Silvio Nucci,
a known crime boss,
instead of Debbie Fogle,
a rewards member
at JOANN Fabrics?
Yeah, but Debbie's not gonna
testify against Nucci.
You may be right.
And that's why...
we're gonna catch him
in the act.
Brace yourselves, everyone.
We're about to pop that Nucci.
Apologies, that was
inappropriate in the workplace.
But in my defense, that was
a song that I learned about
from Columbia House, Rosa.
Mm.
All right, here's the plan.
Why are we going this way?
The bathroom's back there.
I'm breaking you out.
I work for Silvio Nucci.
Oh, my God.
You work for Nucci? Me too!
Way too loud, Debbie.
OK. Press yourself
against the wall
to avoid being seen
by the camera.
Why didn't she do it
with her back to the wall?
Face first seems like
such a mistake.
[tires screeching]
-Oh, no, they found us!
-No, no, no, Debbie.
Rosa's on Nucci's payroll, too.
-She's getting us out of here.
-Oh.
-Debbie. Trunk. Now.
-Sorry, it's a little tight
in there.
Oh, I'm not picky.
I don't need light or oxygen.
I'm kind of like
a low-maintenance plant.
-Ooh, like a succulent.
-That's great, Debbie.
-[Debbie] My mom
always said that--
-But the trunk is closing
on its own, it's definitely
not me slamming it.
[Debbie] So you guys
are gonna stay here with me?
Nucci thought we could
help you guard the coke.
Oh, I can handle it.
I'm pretty tough.
I take self-defense
at the women's gym.
Hi-yah! Hi-yah!
Oh, neat. You actually
say the words "hi-yah,"
like Miss Piggy.
So when's Nucci coming
to pick up the coke?
Uh, could be hours,
could be days.
-Days?
-I don't know.
Nucci just said
to wait by this burner phone.
He said he always works
like that.
[Jake]
Right, of course.
We have so many inside jokes
about it.
I can imagine.
He is pretty funny.
He's always like,
"Debbie, if you mess this up,
I'm gonna gut you like a fish."
What? [laughs]
So he threatened you.
-That's why you went dirty.
-[Debbie] No.
He offered me a million
dollars.
I had no choice.
My dad is really sick,
and he needed
this expensive
experimental surgery.
-Ahh.
-[Debbie] What about you guys?
-How did he turn you?
-Well, I've been dirty
long before Nucci
came onto the scene.
I do a ton of coke.
They call me Mr. Springtime
because of how fast
I make the snow disappear.
Wow! I've never even
had a nickname.
I mean, I guess people
do call me, "Hey, lady."
Right, well, I'm gonna
let the Nine-Nine know
we're looking for you.
You know, so those idiots
don't think we broke you out.
Ooh, you think
they're idiots?
[Jake]
Oh, yeah, big time.
I mean, Holt's a blowhard,
Jeffords is all brawn,
no brains.
Boyle's a laughing stock,
Amy's just the worst.
I mean, she thinks
she so smart and so pretty
and she makes me feel good
about the world
-and my place in it, and she--
-[clears throat]
--smells like [bleep].
We've all smelled her.
Rosa, let's go outside.
Hey, you know that
was Undercover Jake
-talking in there, right?
-Relax, man.
So you're not gonna tell Amy
what I said?
Oh, no, I definitely am.
I'm saying relax because
-there's no way
you can stop me.
-Damn it. Did you at least
text the Nine-Nine and tell 'em
we don't know when
the handoff is?
Yeah, but man,
I don't like this.
We found the drugs,
-we should just forget about
Nucci and take Debbie in.
-What?
Nucci is the real bad guy
here.
And you heard Debbie,
she's only doing this
to get the money
for her dad's surgery.
There are other ways
to get money.
-She could've gone to a bank.
-Right. And she's White.
She definitely would've
gotten approved.
Terrific point.
-That's not what I was saying.
-Ah, we were both thinking it.
Anyways, it doesn't matter.
Our plan is working.
What are you worried about?
There's a loose cannon
in there with two machine guns.
She's not a loose cannon.
I saw her apologize to a chair
after bumping into it.
Trust me, we are not gonna have
any problems with Debbie.
Hey, Jake, guess what?
You made cocaine sound so cool,
I decided to try it.
But I didn't wanna overdo it,
so I only did, like,
a tiny little toot.
Then I didn't feel
anything, so I did, like,
a little bit more,
and I still didn't
feel anything,
so then I did a lot more,
and then I felt it,
like, I really felt it,
so then I did a couple more,
like, big-ass toots.
Why do you guys
keep ducking behind the bed?
Because you keep
pointing those guns at us!
Oh, my God!
Do not worry about it!
It's totally fine!
We need to find out
how Nucci got to Debbie.
Fortunately, it turns out
she kept
a fairly comprehensive diary.
As a power journaler,
I think we can hold off
on using the word
"comprehensive."
Oh, damn, that's comprehensive.
These are all
just from this year?
This one is labeled
August 21st.
"Morning."
This one is August
21st "Evening."
This entire diary is about
an episode of House Hunters .
This is gonna take forever.
I actually took
a speed reading course.
I tested at 800 WPM.
That's pathetic.
I tested at 802.
That's pretty close
to Holt's score.
No, no, 802's
incredible.
She powned me.
I read the entire
Urban Dictionary
so I could converse with
the other uniformed officers.
Finished it
in 47 minutes.
I've never been so attracted
to a gay man before,
and I dated several in college.
Shall we have a read-off,
Santiago?
-We don't have finger guards.
-So we do it raw.
[Terry]
OK, I normally
don't encourage
such childish competitions,
but this might help
things go faster.
My only question is, Holt,
are you sure your old-ass eyes
are up to the challenge?
I know you're just trying
to motivate me,
but these old-ass eyes
will be reading your tombstone,
son.
Oh, we needed more light
in this place.
Now I can finally think,
and the ideas are, like,
flowing out of me.
OK, what about this one?
It's hamburgers,
but the pickles are coins.
Still feel bad for her
now that she's a cokehead?
She's not a cokehead.
She's an innocent girl
in a stressful situation
who did cocaine one time
and will probably
never do it again.
Whoo!
Guess who just did more coke?
This is my thing now!
-[phone beeps]
-Ooh! OK.
-Is it Nucci?
-Yes.
He wants to know if I can
do the handoff in two hours.
Um, I'm gonna tell him no,
because I'm having so much fun
with my new best friends,
-Jake and Rosa.
-Ah, no, no, no.
Don't mention us.
You know, because
you're supposed to be working,
not enjoying yourself.
Right, just keep it short.
Say two hours is great.
That's very smart,
and I'm gonna send him
my favorite GIF
of Mr. Bean giving a thumbs up.
Oh, Mr. Bean.
What a stud.
Hey Rosa, what would you do
if you could do anything
to Mr. Bean?
-Nothing.
-[Jake] Come on, Rosa.
Don't be shy.
Say what you would do
to international sex symbol
Mr. Bean's body.
Fine. I would take
a very large glass...
[sustained bleep]
...and let himself out.
-I see.
-[Debbie] Wow.
Um, I just have one quick note.
Mr. Bean never...
[bleep]
-...beg for mercy.
-Ah, great note, Debbie.
The point is, we all think
Mr. Bean is sexy as hell
and wish we looked
exactly like him.
-You're closer than you think.
-Hmm?
Oh, hey, Rosa, it's not
that you're a third wheel
or anything,
it's just that
we're out of ice,
so could you go get us
some more ice, please?
Hey, well,
this is full of ice, but, yeah.
I'll hit up the Nine-Nine.
You've actually
been texting the Nine-Nine
a lot, haven't you?
Yeah, to make sure
our cover's intact,
and so they don't figure out
-that we're dirty.
-Is that what's really going
on?
'Cause I feel like
there's something
you're not telling me?
I feel like all that coke
is making you paranoid.
No, you're paranoid.
Now, don't you dare
take another step.
[chuckles] OK, Debbie,
what are you doing?
-Give me your phone.
-That's it.
Debbie Fogle,
you are under arrest.
What? Oh, my God,
are you not really dirty?
No. And I'll be taking
that gun.
-Hi-yah!
-[both grunting]
OK, so the women's gym
and the cocaine
have given Debbie superpowers.
Cool.
[rapidly] Cool-cool- cool-
cool-cool-cool-cool-cool-cool-
cool-cool-cool-cool-cool-cool.
You're making a big mistake,
Debbie. This isn't gonna work.
I'm such a terrible
judge of character.
I was wrong about Rosa,
I missed all the signs
with my cousin Jared.
-The sandwich guy.
-What is wrong with me?
Nothing,
you're just coming down
from the many handfuls
of coke you did.
Right. I'm so dumb.
I'm such an idiot.
I'm dumb!
Hey, why don't you let me
hold your gun for you,
and then you can hit yourself
in the face with your fist
like a normal person
having a mental breakdown.
I can't give you my gun.
You'll probably try
and arrest me.
Debbie, I'm not like Rosa.
Here, check my phone.
I haven't been texting
the Nine-Nine.
I have nothing to hide.
I don't know, there are
a lot of sweet messages
between you and Amy.
-I thought you said
she stinks like [bleep].
-She does!
Prove it.
Describe her stink to me.
Don't think about it,
just say it.
Bad mayo, three-day-old
macaroni salad.
OK. I buy it.
I trust you.
-Why'd you do that?
-Rosa probably told
the Nine-Nine
that you're corrupt,
and they could use
your phone to track us
-to the new drop site.
-Oh.
Right. Smart.
Hey, should I drive?
You know, that way,
you could take a nap and get
the coke out of your system,
-[Debbie snorting]
-and we'll both be calm and--
-and you just did a bunch more.
-I did!
I'm the King of New York!
I'm driving! Whoo!
-So how's it going?
-What do you want, Terry?
Or are you just here
to fan some more flames?
No, I'm just here
to see who's losing
and therefore
has to wear this hat I made
that says, "More Stupider."
[laughs]
Fine, yeah,
I'm fanning flames.
Fan, fan, fan, fan, fan,
Santiago.
Don't call her Santiago,
call her Virginia Slim.
-Because I'm smoking her.
-Damn, Ray!
You guys are moving fast,
but there's no way
you're actually
comprehending anything.
I'm taking my time
and reading deliberately,
and you know what they say,
slow and steady wins the race.
Pssh! Classic reg-reader
bullcrap.
Yeah, what are you
gonna say next,
that you read to relax?
[Amy, Holt laughing heartily]
[both sigh]
[Debbie] This is so much better
than that dump
of a hotel, right?
[sniffs] This place
has six chimneys.
Uh, hey, Debbie,
whose house is this?
Oh, it's mine.
I own it, um,
until 11:00 a.m. on Monday.
We have to be out by then,
or it's another $45,000
to Airbnb.
But until then,
I'm a mansion girl.
What happened
to using the money
for your father's surgery?
Was that a lie?
No. My dad really is sick,
but I found out this morning
that my stupid brother Derek
already paid for his surgery.
He thinks he so great
'cause he's, like,
a big shot lawyer,
and he has a family,
and he's not afraid of ghosts.
Well, guess what?
I get to keep the cash now.
So take that, Derek,
and, you know, put it.
♪ She's a mansion girl ♪
♪ She's so rich and she's hot ♪
♪ With a kitchen island ♪
-Little pitchy.
-Still think
Debbie's a good person?
Not gonna lie,
the whole dad reveal
did not help my case.
All right, I'm gonna
use her burner phone
to call the Nine-Nine.
[Debbie]
Look what I found.
Do you like it, Jake?
Uh, yes! I love it.
Real Cruella de Vil vibes.
No, no, no.
I'm not Cruella de Vil.
I would never hurt dogs.
-I'm Perdita!
-Who?
The romantic lead
of the film?
Pongo's wife?
-The girl dog.
-Yes, yes!
[laughs] Of course,
you look exactly like Perdita.
Oh, my God.
Thank you so much.
-Hey, Debbie?
-Hmm?
Will you hand me your phone
so I can
take your picture
and you can Gram this?
-[gasps]
-I mean, the house, this coat,
you're gonna wanna
show this off to people, right?
That is such a good idea!
I do wanna show off to people!
I just have to
make a quick call.
Hi, Mom.
Do you like my mansion?
Deborah Lynn,
why are you holding a gun?
Oh, my God, Mom!
I'm wearing a fur coat,
and that's what you focus on?
I hate you so freaking much!
[Charles] This is ridiculous.
Neither of you have even
taken a bathroom break.
Are you kidding me?
Do you think
world record-holder Howard Berg
would stop in the middle
of a read-off to expel?
-[inhales sharply] Ow.
-What's going on, Santiago?
It's nothing.
It's my guide finger.
I've got paper burn.
-Let me see.
-Hmph.
Santiago, you're hurt.
Don't be a hero.
[sighs]
Damn.
You must've been cooking.
-I was.
-Let's take a break,
-put some ointment on that.
-Right. And when I come back,
my finger's slipping
all over the page?
Nice try. I'm not falling
for any of your tricks.
Oh, but you already have.
While you were waggling
your finger in the air,
I've been reading all this time
-out of the corner of my eye.
-Damn it!
Why are you doing this,
Deborah Lynn?
[Debbie]
Because you're being
so mean, Mom.
Also, I know that
if I didn't tie you up,
you'd probably go
run and find your phone
-so you could call Derek.
-Maybe we should call Derek.
-He could help. He's a lawyer.
-Yeah, I know he's a lawyer.
Do you think you could go
more than five minutes
without bringing that up?
You have to get
the gun from her.
I know, but how
do I get close enough?
There's one way. She clearly
has a thing for you.
Why do you say that?
Just because
she has a fantasy of us
as a dog couple?
Wait. Yeah, I see it.
That's gonna work.
[Debbie]
...very tacky. And it's like,
you don't even care
how many chimneys I have!
Hey, sorry
to interrupt.
Mrs. Fogle,
we weren't introduced.
I'm Jake, Debbie's boyfriend.
-You are? We are?
-I mean, yeah,
-if you're into it.
-I am. I do.
See, Mom?
I am with someone.
All those psychics were wrong.
-So listen, babe...
-Yes, babe?
-I was thinking...
-About what, babe?
-...that we--
-Go on, babe.
Wow, you really latched onto
the babe thing.
-I love it.
-Great, great, great.
Well, anyways,
I was just gonna say,
once we're done
with this big score,
we're gonna need
a place to hide out,
somewhere where the cops
could never find us.
-Ooh, like Epcot.
-Uhh, yes, Epcot is great.
That's exactly
what I was thinking.
We can kiss in front
of the Eiffel Tower,
on the canals of Venice,
oh, in the Canada Pavilion!
Yes! But why wait
till the Canada Pavilion
when we can start right now?
-Huh?
-Oh, my God.
-This is happening.
-Come here.
-Eh--
-[struggling efforts]
-[grunts]
-Hi-yah!
What the hell, babe?
Debbie, what's your plan here?
-Talk to me.
-Why? So you can
just tell me
more beautiful lies?
You think you can
just lick your lips
-and make me
weak in the knees?
-No.
Nice try,
but I closed my eyes
so I didn't even see it.
-[phone beeping]
-Oh, come on.
Oh. Nucci's on his way.
[laughs]
-And I'm about to be rich.
-Debbie, this is bad.
You don't wanna be
an accessory to murder.
W-what are you talking about?
What do you think
is gonna happen
when Nucci gets here
and finds two cops?
He's gonna kill us.
Yeah, I know that.
Um, I've obviously thought
all this through,
and it all is going
according to my plans.
-[gunfire]
-[debris clattering]
I'm sorry,
I just started trembling
and I accidentally--
Debbie, please,
just put the gun down!
I just talked to the manager
at the hotel where
the handoff was happening.
He said Debbie's room
was empty, and there's no sign
of Rosa or Jake.
Is there anything in
those diaries that could
help us find 'em?
Debbie mentions her mom a bunch
in one of the ones I read.
Seems like
she tells her everything.
Ooh, that's a good lead.
It is a good lead, isn't it?
Did you hear that,
speed freaks?
Let's find out all we can
about the mom.
I'll start reading right away,
because slow and steady wins--
-Her mother's name
is Margaret Jean Fogle.
-She lives in Bensonhurst.
-She drives a maroon Lexus.
-Vanity plates, "DEREKSMOM."
-She's been married
three times.
-To Horace Mills.
-Then Frank Yelter.
-And then James Fogle.
-She goes grocery shopping
on Tuesdays.
-Water aerobics on Wednesdays.
-Book club on Fridays.
-She drinks too much wine.
-Always a pinot grigio.
-Always from Napa.
The race.
Slow and steady
wins the race.
OK, uh, what if I just
tell Nucci not to kill you?
You know,
we're business partners,
we make all of our
business decisions together.
Yep, we're all
gonna die today.
Debbie, if you just untie us,
we can help you get out of
here.
OK, but if I untie you,
you'll arrest me,
and then I'll go to prison
-for the rest of my life.
-[Rosa] You'll be
in prison anyway.
I guarantee you
if anything happens to us,
the Nine-Nine
will hunt you down.
OK, OK, OK, OK.
Maybe I should surrender.
[whines] But I don't wanna
go to jail!
OK, I don't know what to do.
Um, Mom, help me.
Now you need my help?
Please, it doesn't matter
what I say.
You're still gonna mess it up.
Just like you messed up
your bangs
when you had to cut
your own hair.
Well, I'm sure that
was a long time ago.
-That was last year.
-I see.
Or when you got
in a car accident
when your brother
was going to take the bar.
Or when you lost all your money
investing in that cruise line
for cats.
-Feline Cruise Line.
-[Margaret] You know what?
You're not my daughter
anymore.
What?
What are you saying?
You have embarrassed me
and the family
for the last time.
I'm done with you. Goodbye.
Shut up,  Margaret!
It's the same crap
my parents pulled.
Always pointing out my flaws,
never helping,
and then bailing
when things got messy.
-You know,
I was a lot like you.
-You were holed up
with a ton of cocaine
and a bunch of guns?
-That's my business.
-What?
I spent years telling myself
that their tough love
made me stronger,
but you know what I really wish
they'd done?
-What?
-Been nice to me.
I wish they would've told me
I'd made a mistake,
but that they still loved me
and they would help me
try to figure it out.
Would've saved me
a lot of pain.
Debbie, you have made
some really bad choices today.
-Really bad.
-Not now, Debbie's mom.
You are not a bad person.
If we get out of this alive,
I promise you
I will help you however I can.
Wow. Thank you.
[unlocking handcuffs]
Oh, your back is very wet.
Yeah, I guess between
the fur coat
and all the cocaine,
I've been sweating a lot.
-[tires screech, door shuts]
-That's Nucci. He's here.
Hi, Debbie.
Do you have something for me?
Yes, I do.
I do have something.
-I have two friends.
-What the hell is this?
-Drop your weapons.
-[Nucci] No way.
You drop your weapons.
[sirens wailing]
[Amy] NYPD!
Everyone down on the ground!
Down on the ground,
right now!
[male cop]
Put 'em down!
[Holt]
Don't do anything stupid.
-I will shoot her.
Put down your gun.
-Oh, man,
grabbing Debbie
was a big mistake.
-What do you mean by--
-[grunts]
-Hi-yah!
-Unhh! Oof!
Whoa! Debbie,
that was amazing.
Thanks. By the way,
Jake thinks
-you smell like [bleep].
-[Jake] What? That's weird.
I don't know why she said that.
Anyways, let's get Debbie
into a cop car!
So... you really
gonna help out Debbie,
or did you just say all
that stuff so she'd let us go?
I told the DA she cooperated
and he agreed to be lenient,
especially since we got Nucci
and the cocaine was returned.
Except for the pound of it
that Debbie did.
Yeah. The paramedic
said he had never heard
a human heart beat that loudly.
He could hear it
outside of her body.
Ugh. She'll probably
get ten years.
But it's better than 30.
And let's be real,
Debbie's life wasn't gonna
begin until she was 50 anyway.
Yeah, the kooky aunt vibe
will probably
play a lot better then.
So hey, one more thing.
We can never let anyone know
that we got beat up
by Debbie Fogle.
-Agreed. To the grave.
-Take it to the grave?
-This conversation
never happened.
-I don't even know who you are.
That's hurtful.
You took it too far.
That's a weird thing
for a stranger to say.
Bye.
I-- [clucks]
-Not a doctor.
-Shh.
Fremulon.